id: XaMXMDI6	Chunk: document_0 The Dufferin Street bridges are two inter-connected vehicular bridges in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The bridges carry Dufferin Street over a railway corridor and the Gardiner Expressway to Exhibition Place. The bridges closed to vehicular traffic in 2013. Temporary structures, namely Bailey bridges over the railway tracks, will be built in 2013-2014 to allow a resumption of traffic in early 2014. Beginning in 2016 the bridges will be completely rebuilt to allow more tracks to cross underneath and create a single span to the CNE grounds. As of March 2019 the spans over the Gardiner Expressway remain in place and the bailey bridges replacing the older outer pedestrian bridges of the northern span with the inner vehicular steel plate box girder bridge still in place.
id: A09mSONz	Chunk: document_1 The Cincinnati Southern Bridge, officially the Cincinnati Southern Railroad Swinging Truss Bridge, is a swing bridge that carries the Norfolk Southern Railway over the Ohio River between Cincinnati, Ohio and Ludlow, Kentucky in the United States. The bridge is composed of four through truss spans: a main span on the northern side of the bridge, a currently unused swing span on the southern side, and two additional spans over the main shipping channels in the center of the bridge. The bridge crosses the Ohio River just downstream from downtown Cincinnati, and can be seen clearly from the lower level of the nearby Brent Spence Bridge.
id: OKcXTQ5t	Chunk: document_2 The Confederation Bridge (French: Pont de la Confédération) spans the Abegweit Passage of Northumberland Strait. It links Prince Edward Island with mainland New Brunswick, Canada. Before its official naming, Prince Edward Islanders often referred to the bridge as the ``Fixed Link ''. Construction took place from October 1993 to May 1997 and cost C $1.3 billion. The 12.9 - kilometre (8 mi) bridge opened on May 31, 1997.
id: LZK4CR7g	Chunk: document_3 Kimeru (most often written either in Romaji (Kimeru) or with Katakana (キメル), but has been written as きめる (Hiragana) and (決める) (Kanji), born June 17, 1980) is a Japanese pop musician, singer, and stage actor. He is most famous for his work with "The Prince of Tennis". He adopted the stage name Kimeru, which means ""to decide"" in Japanese, before debuting. Kimeru's birth name has never been announced publicly.
id: Al7FOj-Z	Chunk: document_4 Peter Winter (baptized 28 August 1754 – 17 October 1825) was a German opera composer who followed Mozart and preceded Weber, acting as a bridge between the two in the development of German opera. (His name is sometimes given as Peter von Winter.)
id: FZf4DUAG	Chunk: document_5 The Bulkeley Bridge (also known as Hartford Bridge, Bridge No. 980A) is the oldest of three highway bridges over the Connecticut River in Hartford, Connecticut. A stone arch bridge composed of nine spans, the bridge carries Interstate 84, U.S. Route 6, and U.S. Route 44 across the river, connecting Hartford to East Hartford. As of 2005 the bridge carried an average daily traffic of 142,500 cars. The arches are mounted on stone piers, and vary in length from to ; the total length of the bridge is .
id: u1yJaKm8	Chunk: document_6 The Rialto Bridge (Italian: Ponte di Rialto; Venetian: Ponte de Rialto) is the oldest of the four bridges spanning the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy. Connecting the sestieri (districts) of San Marco and San Polo, it has been rebuilt several times since its first construction as a pontoon bridge in the 12th century, and is now a significant tourist attraction in the city.
id: 0j0S2Hyd	Chunk: document_7 Orlando furioso RV 819 (, Teatro San Angelo, Venice 1714) is a three-act opera surviving in manuscript in Antonio Vivaldi's personal library, only partly related to his better known Orlando furioso (RV 728) of 1727. It is a recomposition of an "Orlando furioso" written by Giovanni Alberto Ristori which had been very successfully staged by Vivaldi and his father's "impresa" in 1713, and whose music survives in a few fragments retained in the score of RV 819. Therefore, Vivaldi's first cataloguer Peter Ryom did not assign the opera a RV number, but catalogued it as RV Anh. 84. The libretto was by Grazio Braccioli.
id: a3N8y1kL	Chunk: document_8 The Goodpasture Bridge spans the McKenzie River near the community of Vida in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is the second longest covered bridge and one of the most photographed covered bridges in the state. The Goodpasture Bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
id: cVb-xRTw	Chunk: document_9 The Burt Henry Covered Bridge, also known as the Henry Covered Bridge or just the Henry Bridge, is a covered bridge that spans the Walloomsac River near Bennington, Vermont. A Town lattice truss bridge, it carries River Road, just south of the village of North Bennington. Originally built about 1840, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as Bennington County's oldest covered bridge. It was rebuilt in 1989 by the Vermont Agency of Transportation.
id: kWuou9_z	Chunk: document_10 Flatford is a small hamlet close to East Bergholt in Suffolk. It is most famous for Flatford Mill, Willy Lott's Cottage and Bridge Cottage, immortalised in the paintings of John Constable.
id: 2R3L65KP	Chunk: document_11 Bajazet (; also called "Il Tamerlano") is an Italian opera composed by Antonio Vivaldi in 1735. Its libretto was written by Agostino Piovene. It was premiered in Verona, during the Carnival season of that year. This opera (catalog number RV 703) is presented in 3 acts, with a three-movement sinfonia as an introduction. The story is about the fate of Bajazet (known as Beyazid I) after being captured by Tamerlane (Timur Lenk). The famous aria, "Sposa son disprezzata" is from this opera.
id: 5DKZk7Im	Chunk: document_12 The San Luis Bridge, also known as State Bridge or Bridge over Culebra Creek, is a historic open spandrel arch bridge that crosses Culebra Creek in San Luis, Colorado. It was built in 1911 as a road bridge, but now serves pedestrian traffic. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
id: Xo1dgfvB	Chunk: document_13 The Carleton Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge that carries Carleton Road over the South Branch Ashuelot River in East Swanzey, New Hampshire. The bridge was built in 1869, and is the region's only surviving example of a 19th-century Queenspost truss bridge. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
id: p89xnE-H	Chunk: document_14 The bridge at New Bridge Landing, New Jersey was built in 1888 to replace an earlier wooden one, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1989.
id: 999527G8	Chunk: document_15 Rajashri (Telugu: రాజశ్రీ) (31 August 1934 – 14 August 1994) was a famous dialogue and lyrics writer and Music director in Telugu cinema industry. His birth name is Indukuri Ramakrishnam Raju (ఇందుకూరి రామకృష్ణంరాజు). He has worked with nearly 1000 films, a majority of them are dubbing films. He was aptly called "Anuvaada Brahma".
id: lYxc4mnV	Chunk: document_16 The Interstate 182 (I-182) Bridge, formally known as the Lee-Volpentest Bridges is the collective name for a pair of bridges carrying Interstate 182 over the Columbia River between Pasco and Richland in the U.S. state of Washington. They are named after Glenn C. Lee, publisher of the "Tri-City Herald", and Sam Volpentest, a prominent local businessman. It is one of three bridges connecting Pasco to the other members of the Tri-Cities of Washington (Kennewick and Richland), along with the Cable Bridge and the Blue Bridge.
id: DRx7Gu2i	Chunk: document_17 The River Test runs along the western border of the city, separating it from the New Forest. There are bridges over the Test from Southampton, including the road and rail bridges at Redbridge in the south and the M27 motorway to the north. The River Itchen runs through the middle of the city and is bridged in several places. The northernmost bridge, and the first to be built, is at Mansbridge, where the A27 road crosses the Itchen. The original bridge is closed to road traffic, but is still standing and open to pedestrians and cyclists. The river is bridged again at Swaythling, where Woodmill Bridge separates the tidal and non tidal sections of the river. Further south is Cobden Bridge which is notable as it was opened as a free bridge (it was originally named the Cobden Free Bridge), and was never a toll bridge. Downstream of the Cobden Bridge is the Northam Railway Bridge, then the Northam Road Bridge, which was the first major pre-stressed concrete bridge to be constructed in the United Kingdom. The southernmost, and newest, bridge on the Itchen is the Itchen Bridge, which is a toll bridge.
id: VJXcEHiV	Chunk: document_18 Giovanni Cifolelli was an Italian mandolin virtuoso and dramatic composer whose date and place of birth are unknown. In 1764 he made his appearance in Paris as a mandolin virtuoso and was highly esteemed, both as a performer and teacher. He published his "Method for the mandolin" while residing in Paris, which met with great success throughout France, being the most popular of its period.
id: DtvNiAin	Chunk: document_19 The Royal Albert Bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Surveying started in 1848 and construction commenced in 1854. The first main span was positioned in 1857 and the completed bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859. Brunel died later that year and his name was then placed above the portals at either end of the bridge as a memorial. Work was carried out during the twentieth century to replace the approach spans and strengthen the main spans. It has attracted sightseers since its construction and has appeared in many paintings, photographs, guidebooks, postage stamps and on the UK £2 coin. Anniversary celebrations took place in 1959 and 2009.
