id: XV-gGcuq	Chunk: document_0 Left Shift () was a Trotskyist group in Germany, which was the German affiliate of the International Socialist Tendency (the network founded by the British Socialist Workers Party). In September 2007, Linksruck formally dissolved, and its members regrouped into the Left Party as Marx21 - Network for International Socialism.
id: 4JWY69dL	Chunk: document_1 The Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam () is the current constitution of Vietnam, adopted on 28 November 2013 by the Thirteenth National Assembly, and took effect on 1 January 2014. It is the fourth constitution adopted by the Vietnamese government since the political reunification of the country in 1976.
id: XzEPreTl	Chunk: document_2 Valencian Marxist Front (in Valencian: "Front Marxista Valencià"), an underground communist group in the Valencian Community, Spain, founded in 1954 by youth active in Lo Rat Penat. It disappeared in 1962, when its members joined either the Valencian Socialist Party or the Communist Party of Spain (later forming the Communist Party of the Valencian Country).
id: D4Ha7PDu	Chunk: document_3 François Mitterrand, a Socialist, emphasized European unity and the preservation of France's special relationships with its former colonies in the face of ``Anglo - Saxon influence. ''A part of the enacted policies was formulated in the Socialist Party's 110 Propositions for France, the electoral program for the 1981 presidential election. He had a warm and effective relationship with the conservative German Chancellor Helmut Kohl. They promoted French - German bilateralism in Europe And strengthened military cooperation between the two countries.
id: LtIC3O70	Chunk: document_4 The German Socialist Party (German: "Deutschsozialistische Partei", DSP) was a short-lived German nationalist, far-right party during the early years of the Weimar Republic. Founded in 1918, its declared aim was an ideology that would combine both "völkisch" and socialist elements. However, the party never became a mass movement. After it was dissolved in 1922, many of its members joined the similar National Socialist German Workers' Party (NSDAP) instead.
id: er2SBnI9	Chunk: document_5 Gustav Noske (9 July 1868 – 30 November 1946) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He served as the first Minister of Defence ("Reichswehrminister") of the Weimar Republic between 1919 and 1920. Noske has been a controversial figure because although he was a member of the socialist movement, he used army and paramilitary forces to bloodily suppress the socialist/communist uprisings of 1919.
id: i_4jVrpn	Chunk: document_6 Rune Fredh (12 July 1945 – 23 August 2006) was a Norwegian politician who was Party Secretary of the Socialist Electoral League and later the Socialist Left Party from 1973–1977.
id: jWuO8S4t	Chunk: document_7 Hans Jendretzky (20 July 1897 in Berlin – 2 July 1992 in Berlin) was a German Communist politician. He was a prominent politician of the Socialist Unity Party (SED) in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).
id: ie-pfByA	Chunk: document_8 After the Socialist Party of America organised a Women's Day on February 28, 1909 in New York, the 1910 International Socialist Woman's Conference suggested a Women's Day be held annually. After women gained suffrage in Soviet Russia in 1917, March 8 became a national holiday there. The day was then predominantly celebrated by the socialist movement and communist countries until it was adopted in 1975 by the United Nations.
id: f0aVLGdP	Chunk: document_9 In the aftermath of World War I and during the German Revolution of 1918 -- 19, Freikorps consisting largely of World War I veterans were raised as right - wing paramilitary militias, ostensibly to fight on behalf of the government against the Soviet - backed German Communists attempting to overthrow the Weimar Republic. However, the Freikorps also despised the Republic and were involved in assassinations of its supporters. The Freikorps were widely seen as a precursor to Nazism, and many of their volunteers ended up joining the Nazi militia, the Sturmabteilung (SA). An entire series of Freikorps awards also existed.
id: RyB1y3p0	Chunk: document_10 Alfred Kurella (May 2, 1895 – June 12, 1975) was a German author and functionary of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) in East Germany.
id: SIGVEajh	Chunk: document_11 Karl Renner and Adolf Schärf (Socialist Party of Austria [Social Democrats and Revolutionary Socialists]), Leopold Kunschak (Austria's People's Party [former Christian Social People's Party]), and Johann Koplenig (Communist Party of Austria) declared Austria's secession from the Third Reich by the Declaration of Independence on 27 April 1945 and set up a provisional government in Vienna under state Chancellor Renner the same day, with the approval of the victorious Red Army and backed by Joseph Stalin. (The date is officially named the birthday of the second republic.) At the end of April, most of western and southern Austria were still under Nazi rule. On 1 May 1945, the federal constitution of 1929, which had been terminated by dictator Dollfuss on 1 May 1934, was declared valid again.
id: Bq2xS6aD	Chunk: document_12 André Laignel (born 4 December 1942 in Paris) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for Central France. He is a member of the Socialist Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.
id: rCRU3zbz	Chunk: document_13 In the 2006 parliamentary election, the party ran for the first time, winning 11 of 81 seats. It became a vocal opposition party and forged links with the Serb People's Party and the Socialist People's Party of Montenegro in an attempt to unify the country's political opposition.
id: AWE7GeYZ	Chunk: document_14 Birger Furugård (8 December 1887 - 1961) was a Swedish politician and veterinarian. He hailed from Deje in Värmland. During the 1920s Furugård became inspired by the advance of National Socialism in Germany. He made several trips to Germany, and met with Adolf Hitler, Hermann Göring and Heinrich Himmler. In 1924 Furugård, together with his two brothers Gunnar and Sigurd, founded the Swedish National Socialist Freedom League. The following year the group was converted into the Swedish National Socialist Peasants and Workers Party. In 1930 Furugård's party merged with the National Socialist People's Party of Sweden and formed the New Swedish National Socialist Party. Furugård became "Riksledare" (National Leader) of the party. Soon, the party changed its name to Swedish National Socialist Party (SNSP).
id: qYlublVE	Chunk: document_15 Labour runs a minority government in the Welsh Assembly under Carwyn Jones, is the largest opposition party in the Scottish Parliament and has twenty MEPs in the European Parliament, sitting in the Socialists and Democrats Group. The party also organises in Northern Ireland, but does not contest elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly. The Labour Party is a full member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance, and holds observer status in the Socialist International. In September 2015, Jeremy Corbyn was elected Leader of the Labour Party.
id: UzQPvUw-	Chunk: document_16 The French Section of the Workers' International (, SFIO) was a French socialist party founded in 1905 and replaced in 1969 by the current Socialist Party (PS). It was created during the 1905 Globe Congress in Paris as a merger between the French Socialist Party and the Socialist Party of France in order to create the French section of the Second International, designated as the party of the workers' movement.
id: l2NIMlnS	Chunk: document_17 Charles Berthézenne (30 January 1871 in Valleraugue – 11 June 1942) was a French politician. He represented the Republican-Socialist Party (from 1928 to 1935) and the Socialist Republican Union (from 1935 to 1940) in the Chamber of Deputies. On 10 July 1940, he voted in favour of granting the cabinet led by Marshal Philippe Pétain authority to draw up a new constitution, thereby effectively ending the French Third Republic and establishing Vichy France.
id: ymqSphPV	Chunk: document_18 Rosa Miguélez Ramos (born August 27, 1953 in Ferrol) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.
id: 6YfzpQrX	Chunk: document_19 Final interpretation of and amendments to the German Constitution, the Grundgesetz, is the task of the Bundesverfassungsgericht (Federal Constitutional Court), which is the de facto highest German court, as it can declare both federal and state legislation ineffective, and has the power to overrule decisions of all other federal courts, despite not being a regular court of appeals on itself in the German court system. It is also the only court possessing the power and authority to outlaw political parties, if it is deemed that these parties have repeatedly violated articles of the Constitution.
