id: -mzF20iX	Chunk: document_0 Anthony William Dale, known as Tony Dale (born 1969) is a businessman from suburban Cedar Park, Texas, who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 136, which encompasses part of Williamson County near the capital city of Austin on the eastern edge of the Texas Hill Country.
id: 0G2NBhjX	Chunk: document_1 Opuwo is the capital of the Kunene Region in north-western Namibia. The town is situated about 720 km north-northwest from the capital Windhoek, and has a population of 7,500.
id: O6U_ph26	Chunk: document_2 Where Dead Voices Gather is a book by Nick Tosches. It is, in part, a biography of Emmett Miller, one of the last minstrel singers. Just as importantly, it depicts Tosches' search for information about Miller, about whom he initially wrote in his book "Country: The Twisted Roots of Rock and Roll". It is also a study of minstrelsy and its connection to American folk music, country music, the blues and ultimately, rock and roll. In that way, it is a companion volume to his other books of music journalism, "Country" and "Unsung Heroes of Rock N' Roll".
id: VQF-j60K	Chunk: document_3 Port Said Governorate ( "") is one of the Canal Zone governorates of Egypt. It is located in the northeastern part of the country, on the Mediterranean Sea at the northern gate of the Suez Canal, making it the second most important harbor in Egypt. Its capital is the city of Port Said, and is the home of the Suez Canal Authority historical administrative building and the Lighthouse of Port Said.
id: JxZC3fkg	Chunk: document_4 Guyana is the only South American nation in which English is the official language. The majority of the population, however, speak Guyanese Creole, an English - based creole language, as a first language. Guyana is part of the Anglophone Caribbean. CARICOM, of which Guyana is a member, is headquartered in Guyana's capital and largest city, Georgetown. In 2008, the country joined the Union of South American Nations as a founding member.
id: rvKd9LsA	Chunk: document_5 Ché OVNI was only the second space film to be made in Argentina, after "El Satelite Chiflado" (The Crazy Satellite). The film is about alien invaders who abduct a tango-singer. OVNI means "UFO"; a newspaper article from the "Cine Herald", July 17, 1968, depicted a cartoon Martian landing in the capital of Spain" a part of the promotion to the film.
id: oyqmQ7xc	Chunk: document_6 EgyptAir Flight 763 was an international non-scheduled passenger flight from Cairo, Egypt, to Aden, South Yemen. On 19 March 1972, the flight was a McDonnell Douglas DC9-32 registered in Yugoslavia as YU-AHR and operated by the newly renamed EgyptAir. It crashed into the Shamsan Mountains on approach to Aden, killing all 30 people on board.
id: PaJ4RwEZ	Chunk: document_7 Effiakuma is a residential town in the Western region of Ghana. It is about 10 kilometres from Takoradi the regional capital. It was built in the early 1960s by the then president of the country Kwame Nkrumah. There are about three general plans for the buildings in the town. The houses were built by the State Housing Cooperation. Effiakuma is the forty-seventh most populous in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 35,094 people. On the outskirts of the town is the Effiakuma Zongo.
id: WUQM9oVu	Chunk: document_8 Tarnów Voivodeship () was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975–1998, superseded by a much larger Lesser Poland Voivodeship. Its capital city was Tarnów. Located in southeastern part of the country, its area was 4,151 km. (which was 1.3% of the total area of Poland). In 1975 the population was 577,900, in 1998 it grew to 700,800.
id: 6j698vEj	Chunk: document_9 The capital, Brazzaville, is located on the Congo River, in the south of the country, immediately across from Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
id: FkWr8-4v	Chunk: document_10 The canton of Zürich ( ) is a Swiss canton in the northeastern part of the country. With a population of (as of ), it is the most populated canton in the country.. Its capital is the city of Zürich. The official language is German. The local Swiss German dialect, called "Züritüütsch", is commonly spoken. In English the name of the canton and its capital is often written without an umlaut.
id: Cf97lj07	Chunk: document_11 Puğkaracadağ is a village in Akdeniz district of Mersin Province, Turkey, where the capital city of Akdeniz district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is situated on the north of Çukurova motorway. The creek Deliçay is to the west. The village's distance to Mersin is about . The population of the village was 687 as of 2012.
id: f1BFFR1-	Chunk: document_12 Alaska has few road connections compared to the rest of the U.S. The state's road system covers a relatively small area of the state, linking the central population centers and the Alaska Highway, the principal route out of the state through Canada. The state capital, Juneau, is not accessible by road, only a car ferry, which has spurred several debates over the decades about moving the capital to a city on the road system, or building a road connection from Haines. The western part of Alaska has no road system connecting the communities with the rest of Alaska.
id: sGRiFVcZ	Chunk: document_13 He was elected to the NLF executive in the first, second and third NLF congresses, 1965-67. After South Yemen gained independence in 1967 he was appointed Minister of Culture and Yemeni Unity. In the fourth NLF congress he was instrumental in determining the progressive line of the revolution. But in March 1968 he was arrested by the right wing of the NLF and went into exile, where he drafted the program for Accomplishing National Democratic Liberation, a leftist manifesto. He undertook a leading role in the consolidation of left wing of NLF which subsequently regained power in the 22 June 1969 "Correction Step."
id: Gog4KZ6P	Chunk: document_14 In October 2009, the American Law Institute voted to disavow the framework for capital punishment that it had created in 1962, as part of the Model Penal Code, "in light of the current intractable institutional and structural obstacles to ensuring a minimally adequate system for administering capital punishment." A study commissioned by the institute had said that experience had proved that the goal of individualized decisions about who should be executed and the goal of systemic fairness for minorities and others could not be reconciled.
id: 6vFnrmfg	Chunk: document_15 Yanggakdo, or Yanggak Island is a small island in the Taedong River, located about two kilometers to the south-east of the center of the North Korean capital city Pyongyang. It is connected to the northern and southern side of Pyongyang by the Yanggak Bridge, which spans the island and separates it into a northeastern and southwestern part.
id: ncdkn2k1	Chunk: document_16 The Tebicuary River (Spanish: Río Tebicuary), a tributary of Paraguay River is a river in Paraguay. Located in the southwestern part of that country, it flows eastwards discharging to Paraguay River about 45 km south of Formosa and 30 km north of Pilar.
id: duGx3gTO	Chunk: document_17 Yavca is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province, Turkey, where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is in Toros Mountains at and the distance to Mersin city center is about The population of Yavca was 279 as of 2012. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.
id: QPUuspSM	Chunk: document_18 Domburg is a seaside resort on the North Sea, on the northwest coast of Walcheren in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Veere, and lies about 11 km northwest of the city of Middelburg, the provincial capital.
id: 5-Sn7xk0	Chunk: document_19 Some time between the years 102 and 107, between the first and second Dacian wars, Trajan divided the province into Pannonia Superior (western part with the capital Carnuntum), and Pannonia Inferior (eastern part with the capitals in Aquincum and Sirmium). According to Ptolemy, these divisions were separated by a line drawn from Arrabona in the north to Servitium in the south; later, the boundary was placed further east. The whole country was sometimes called the Pannonias (Pannoniae).
