id: A2vceS2M	Chunk: document_0 Minsk Region or Minsk Voblasć or Minsk Oblast (, "Minskaja vobłasć" ; , "Minskaja oblastj") is one of the regions of Belarus. Its administrative center is Minsk, although it is a separate administrative territorial entity of Belarus. As of 2011, the region's population is 1,411,500.
id: dP5ni7BW	Chunk: document_1 Owing to its role in the state's history, the county motto is "Where Illinois Began." It contains the historically important village of Kaskaskia, Illinois's first capital.
id: z10EHArs	Chunk: document_2 Bann Na Mohra is a town in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan. It is located at 33° 27' 50N 73° 22' 10E with an altitude of 562 metres (1847 feet).
id: bg14Jrjf	Chunk: document_3 Richard Brantley York (January 3, 1805 – October 7, 1891) was a Methodist minister and educator best known for founding and serving as president of the institution that would become Duke University, Union Institute Academy in Randolph County, North Carolina. Overall, York founded six schools.
id: 86efoBGk	Chunk: document_4 Kokkuthoduvai or Kokkuththoduvai (pronounced Kokkuth-thodu-vai) is a Town in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka. Some say it translates to 'a-place-where-you-can-touch-the-Egret'. It is located about 30 km South-east of the District capital Mullaitivu. It is a coastal town, located next to Kokkilai lagoon.
id: mCPej-km	Chunk: document_5 The Town of York was the second capital of the district of Upper Canada and the predecessor to Toronto (1834). It was established in 1793 by Lieutenant - Governor John Graves Simcoe as a ``temporary ''location for the capital of Upper Canada, while he made plans to build a capital near today's London, Ontario. Simcoe renamed the location York after Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany, George III's second son. Simcoe gave up his plan to build a capital at London, and York became the permanent capital of Upper Canada on February 1, 1796. That year Simcoe returned to Britain and was temporarily replaced by Peter Russell.
id: PZkurBUb	Chunk: document_6 Saulkrasti Municipality () is a municipality in Vidzeme, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by reorganization of Saulkrasti town with its countryside territory, with the administrative centre being Saulkrasti. In 2010 Saulkrasti parish was created from the countryside territory of Saulkrasti town.
id: vdEQNWVc	Chunk: document_7 WLUJ is a Christian radio station licensed to Springfield, Illinois, broadcasting on 89.7 MHz FM. The station is owned by Cornerstone Community Radio.
id: p6KkXkl5	Chunk: document_8 Springfield's original name was Calhoun, after Senator John C. Calhoun of South Carolina. The land that Springfield now occupies was originally settled by trappers and traders who came to the Sangamon River in 1818. The settlement's first cabin was built in 1820, by John Kelly. It was located at what is now the northwest corner of Second Street and Jefferson Street. In 1821, Calhoun became the county seat of Sangamon County due to fertile soil and trading opportunities. Settlers from Kentucky, Virginia, and as far as North Carolina came to the city. By 1832, Senator Calhoun had fallen out of the favor with the public and the town renamed itself Springfield after Springfield, Massachusetts. At that time, Springfield, Massachusetts was comparable to modern - day Silicon Valley -- known for industrial innovation, concentrated prosperity, and the celebrated Springfield Armory. Most importantly, it was a city that had built itself up from frontier outpost to national power through ingenuity -- an example that the newly named Springfield, Illinois, sought to emulate. Kaskaskia was the first capital of the Illinois Territory from its organization in 1809, continuing through statehood in 1818, and through the first year as a state in 1819. Vandalia was the second state capital of Illinois from 1819 to 1839. Springfield became the third and current capital of Illinois in 1839. The designation was largely due to the efforts of Abraham Lincoln and his associates; nicknamed the ``Long Nine ''for their combined height of 54 feet (16 m).
id: xFkPunzO	Chunk: document_9 The Cayman Islands (/ ˈkeɪmən / or / keɪˈmæn /) is an autonomous British Overseas Territory in the western Caribbean Sea. The 264 - square - kilometre (102 - square - mile) territory comprises the three islands of Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman located south of Cuba, northeast of Costa Rica, north of Panama, east of Mexico and northwest of Jamaica. Its population is approximately 60,765, and its capital is George Town.
id: Ny2Z0CR6	Chunk: document_10 Gmina Łowicz is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Łowicz, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
id: JuFl-Bbk	Chunk: document_11 Gmina Pabianice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Pabianice, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
id: 6ucXPlqr	Chunk: document_12 In the U.S., the issuance of birth certificates is a function of the Vital Records Office of the states, capital district, territories and former territories. Birth in the U.S. establishes automatic eligibility for American citizenship, so a birth certificate from a local authority is commonly provided to the federal government to obtain a U.S. passport. However, the U.S. State Department does issue a Consular Report of Birth Abroad for children born to U.S. citizens (who are also eligible for citizenship), including births on military bases in foreign territory.
id: HICWluSn	Chunk: document_13 Biłgoraj County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Biłgoraj, which lies south of the regional capital Lublin. The county contains three other towns: Tarnogród, lying south of Biłgoraj, Józefów, lying east of Biłgoraj, and Frampol, north of Biłgoraj.
id: aRyUXL2s	Chunk: document_14 Kiri Territory is an administrative region in the Mai-Ndombe District of Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The headquarters is the town of Kiri.
id: orxxqrd7	Chunk: document_15 Gmina Gorlice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the town of Gorlice, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
id: 3Rc7GbyE	Chunk: document_16 Gmina Brzeziny is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Brzeziny, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
id: 6hX2VWpv	Chunk: document_17 A Nigerian State is a federated political entity, which shares sovereignty with the Federal Government of Nigeria, There are 36 States in Nigeria, which are bound together by a federal agreement. There is also a territory called the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), which is not a state, but a territory, under the direct control of the Federal Government. The States are further divided into a total of 774 Local Government Areas. Under the Nigerian Constitution, states have the power to ratify constitutional amendments.
id: ZG8WCnLA	Chunk: document_18 Darial is a town in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan. It is located at 33° 23' 35N 73° 19' 45E with an altitude of 494 metres (1624 feet).
id: N5fxYiFd	Chunk: document_19 Pangi Territory is an administrative area in Maniema Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The headquarters is the town of Pangi.
