id: CveThixm	Chunk: document_0 In 1849, he joined a 3-man expedition under the command of James Richardson and Heinrich Barth (who later took command after Richardson's death). They set to leave Tripoli in the Spring of 1850 in order to help the British government forge relations with central African kingdoms and explore unknown territory there. They crossed the Sahara carrying a boat on the backs of camels, splitting up in 1851 with Overweg trekking by route of Zinder to Kukawa, rejoining expedition scientist (now leader) Heinrich Barth. After 18 months of exploring the Adamawa Emirate, Benue River, and finally completing his most notable feat of circumnavigating Lake Chad, he died of an unknown illness in Maduari, Chad after swimming in cold waters.
id: -oHA_tzS	Chunk: document_1 Adolf Fischhof (Hungarian: Fischhof Adolf) (8 December 1816 – 23 March 1893) was a Hungarian-Austrian writer and politician of Jewish descent.
id: j8TLUckz	Chunk: document_2 Gerard Pieter Adolfs (born 2 January 1897 in Semarang, Central-Java; died 1 February 1968 in 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands) was a Dutch East Indies painter and architect. In the 1930s – at the height of his artistic career – the press called G.P. Adolfs the “Wizard of Light”.
id: s07wchG7	Chunk: document_3 Geographical features are man - made or naturally - created features of the Earth. Natural geographical features consist of landforms and ecosystems. For example, terrain types, physical factors of the environment) are natural geographical features. Conversely, human settlements or other engineered forms are considered types of artificial geographical features.
id: x7iedP4G	Chunk: document_4 The method of execution of federal prisoners for offenses under the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is that of the state in which the conviction took place. If the state has no death penalty, the judge must choose a state with the death penalty for carrying out the execution. For offenses under the Drug Kingpin Act of 1988, the method of execution is lethal injection. The Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana is currently the home of the only death chamber for federal death penalty recipients in the United States, where inmates are put to death by lethal injection. The complex has so far been the only location used for federal executions post-Gregg. Timothy McVeigh and Juan Garza were put to death in June 2001, and Louis Jones, Jr. was put to death on March 18, 2003.
id: NBlka62E	Chunk: document_5 The Ngadda River is a river in Nigeria that flows into Lake Chad and the Chad Basin. The Alau dam built on the river has interfered with fertile seasonal floodplains in the region of Maiduguri.
id: bb1FWs2w	Chunk: document_6 Palus Epidemiarum (Latin for "Marsh of Epidemics") is a small lunar mare in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side. It lies to the southwest of Mare Nubium, and southeast of Mare Humorum. This feature forms a rough band of lava-flooded terrain that runs generally west–east, with a northward extension near the western end.
id: 1yje_7yP	Chunk: document_7 Lacus Excellentiae (Latin for "Lake of Excellence") is a relatively small, irregular lunar mare in the southern latitudes of the Moon, amidst the rugged terrain to the south of the larger Mare Humorum. The most prominent feature within the diameter of this basin is the small crater Clausius.
id: -DKsSe8q	Chunk: document_8 Oberleutnant Adolf Gutknecht (born 12 September 1891, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.
id: Rr8_VP8G	Chunk: document_9 In 1938 the Nazis altered about one-third of the toponyms of the area, eliminating, Germanizing, or simplifying a number of Old Prussian names, as well as those Polish or Lithuanian names originating from colonists and refugees to Prussia during and after the Protestant Reformation. More than 1,500 places were ordered to be renamed by 16 July 1938 following a decree issued by Gauleiter and Oberpräsident Erich Koch and initiated by Adolf Hitler. Many who would not cooperate with the rulers of Nazi Germany were sent to concentration camps and held prisoner there until their death or liberation.
id: LT351ib7	Chunk: document_10 Becky Creek Wildlife Management Area is located on south of Huttonsville in Randolph County, West Virginia. The terrain at Becky Creek is steep, and is covered with second-growth hardwood forest. Camping is permitted in the designated area. Camping is also available at nearby Kumbrabow State Forest.
id: FO9LS0QC	Chunk: document_11 Nughu is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in Guadalcanal Province. The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is some 12 metres.
id: MFDjFaiw	Chunk: document_12 Arecibo Catena (Arecibo Vallis until March 2013) is a catena on Mercury. It is located at latitude 27.5 S, longitude 28.4 W, in the hilly and chaotic terrain antipodal to Caloris Basin. It is named after Arecibo Observatory.
id: H3LLqQET	Chunk: document_13 Adolf Engler was born on March 25, 1844, in Sagan, Silesia, now Żagań, in western Poland as Heinrich Gustav Adolf Engler, and died in Berlin, Germany, on October 10, 1930.
id: IZ7-xrtX	Chunk: document_14 Adolf VIII of Berg (also referred to as Adolf V) (c. 1240 – 28 September 1296) was the eldest son of Count Adolf VII of Berg and Margaret of Hochstaden.
id: 88KJejKO	Chunk: document_15 Reinhold Hanisch (27 January 1884, Grünwald an der Neiße near Gablonz/Neiße, northern Bohemia, Imperial & Royal Austria 2? February (death date controversial) 1937, in Vienna, aged 53) was an Austrian migrant worker and sometime business partner of the young Adolf Hitler. Hanisch, who published articles on Hitler, with whom he had lived in 1910, is, next to August Kubizek, one of the few witnesses to Hitler's Vienna years.
id: RjS5A4sz	Chunk: document_16 The inquest into the death of Paul-Louis Halley took place in Oxford, England, in late October 2005. A jury returned a verdict of accidental death.
id: 2QZuYokZ	Chunk: document_17 The Hölderlinturm (English: Hölderlin Tower) is a building located in Tübingen, Germany that served as the place of residence and death in the final years of poet Friedrich Hölderlin. He lived there from May 3, 1807 until his death in 1843. The building is located on the Neckar riverfront and is one of the most popularly known sites in Tübingen.
id: 4l7_yPyS	Chunk: document_18 Adolf IX of Berg (also referred to as Adolf VI) (c. 1280 – 3 April 1348) was the eldest son of Henry of Berg, Lord of Windeck and Agnes of the Mark.
id: N7tNr3W7	Chunk: document_19 Adolf VII of Berg (also referred to as Adolf IV, especially in the Netherlands and in Germany) (c. 1220 – 22 April 1259) was the eldest son of Henry IV, Duke of Limburg and Irmgard of Berg.
