id: hZ8qRiG1	Chunk: document_0 The United Democratic Front (UDF) is a political party in Namibia. Justus ǁGaroëb was the party's leader since its foundation in 1989 until 2013, when he stepped down as leader of the party.
id: XZjF0Ayp	Chunk: document_1 In the 2006 parliamentary election, the party ran for the first time, winning 11 of 81 seats. It became a vocal opposition party and forged links with the Serb People's Party and the Socialist People's Party of Montenegro in an attempt to unify the country's political opposition.
id: fIWauPFH	Chunk: document_2 The Housing Development Board (HDB) continued to promote public housing with new towns, such as Ang Mo Kio, being designed and built. These new residential estates have larger and higher-standard apartments and are served with better amenities. Today, 80–90% of the population lives in HDB apartments. In 1987, the first Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line began operation, connecting most of these housing estates and the city centre.The political situation in Singapore continues to be dominated by the People's Action Party.  The PAP won all the parliamentary seats in every election between 1966 and 1981. The PAP rule is termed authoritarian by some activists and opposition politicians who see the strict regulation of political and media activities by the government as an infringement on political rights. The conviction of opposition politician Chee Soon Juan for illegal protests and the defamation lawsuits against J.B. Jeyaretnam have been cited by the opposition parties as examples of such authoritarianism. The lack of separation of powers between the court system and the government led to further accusations by the opposition parties of miscarriage of justice.
id: lcjVPuxS	Chunk: document_3 Nebraska Highway 65 is a highway in southeastern Nebraska. It is a north–south highway with a length of . The southern terminus of Nebraska Highway 65 is at the Kansas border south of Pawnee City. The northern terminus is in Table Rock at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 4.
id: c4ZMcFUA	Chunk: document_4 Yane Yanev (, born 22 April 1971) is a Bulgarian politician, leader of the center-right opposition party Order, Law and Justice and a member of the Bulgarian National Assembly. Known as an "anti-corruption hawk" that has brought to light many political scandals, Yanev is one of the most famous political players to emerge in Bulgaria in the past decade.
id: ZFdhjONJ	Chunk: document_5 House of Commons of Canada Chambre des communes du Canada 42nd Parliament Type Type Lower House of the Parliament of Canada Leadership Speaker Geoff Regan, Liberal Since December 3, 2015 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Liberal Since November 4, 2015 Leader of the Official Opposition Andrew Scheer, Conservative Since May 27, 2017 Leader of the Government in the House of Commons Bardish Chagger, Liberal Since August 19, 2016 Opposition House Leader Candice Bergen, Conservative Since September 15, 2016 Structure Seats 338 Political groups HM Government Liberal Party (183) HM Loyal Opposition Conservative Party (97) Other Parties New Democratic Party (44) Bloc Québécois (10) Green Party (1) Independent (2) Vacant (1) Salary C $172,700 (sessional indemnity effective April 1, 2017) Elections Voting system First - past - the - post Last election October 19, 2015 Next election Scheduled for October 21, 2019 Meeting place Centre Block -- Parliament Hill Ottawa Website www.ourcommons.ca
id: _rWyzTBm	Chunk: document_6 At the same time, the political party reached its modern form, with a membership disciplined through the use of a party whip and the implementation of efficient structures of control. The Home Rule League Party, campaigning for Home Rule for Ireland in the British Parliament was fundamentally changed by the great Irish political leader Charles Stewart Parnell in the 1880s. In 1882, he changed his party's name to the Irish Parliamentary Party and created a well-organized grass roots structure, introducing membership to replace "ad hoc" informal groupings. He created a new selection procedure to ensure the professional selection of party candidates committed to taking their seats, and in 1884 he imposed a firm 'party pledge' which obliged MPs to vote as a bloc in parliament on all occasions. The creation of a strict party whip and a formal party structure was unique at the time. His party's efficient structure and control contrasted with the loose rules and flexible informality found in the main British parties; – they soon came to model themselves on the Parnellite model.
id: HXQIhLaK	Chunk: document_7 In British politics, the term Blairism refers to the political ideology of the former leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister Tony Blair. It entered the "New Penguin English Dictionary" in 2000. Proponents of Blairism are referred to as Blairites.
id: rGsSI1V4	Chunk: document_8 The Antebellum Age was a period of increasing division in the country based on the growth of slavery in the American South and in the western territories of Kansas and Nebraska that eventually lead to the Civil War in 1861. The Antebellum Period is often considered to have begun with the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854,[citation needed] although it may have begun as early as 1812. This period is also significant because it marked the transition of American manufacturing to the industrial revolution.[citation needed]
id: qF1q_x3y	Chunk: document_9 During Mubarak's reign, the political scene was dominated by the National Democratic Party, which was created by Sadat in 1978. It passed the 1993 Syndicates Law, 1995 Press Law, and 1999 Nongovernmental Associations Law which hampered freedoms of association and expression by imposing new regulations and draconian penalties on violations.[citation needed] As a result, by the late 1990s parliamentary politics had become virtually irrelevant and alternative avenues for political expression were curtailed as well.
id: Y3Y9Ut2k	Chunk: document_10 The Leader of Opposition (LOP) in Uganda is the title bestowed upon the elected leader of the largest political party not within the ruling government. The Leader of Opposition appoints and heads an alternative Shadow Cabinet whose duty is to challenge and influence government legislation on the floor of Parliament The current Leader of Opposition and first Ugandan female to hold the position is Hon. Winnie Kiiza of the Forum for Democratic Change. The Opposition in Uganda is made up of members from Forum for Democratic Change, Democratic Party, Uganda People's Congress, Congress Party and JEEMA.
id: t8SX5aIP	Chunk: document_11 Solidarnost (Солидарность, Russian for "Solidarity", named after the Polish Solidarność) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well-known members of the liberal democratic opposition, including Garry Kasparov, Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces (which had just merged with two pro-Kremlin parties, the Democratic Party of Russia and Civilian Power, to form the pro-Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause) parties, leaders of the Dissenters March events, the Committee 2008, the People's Democratic Union, the United Civil Front, The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups.
id: CrgILcQ1	Chunk: document_12 The current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, of the United States House of Representatives serves as floor leader of the opposition party, and is the counterpart to the Majority Leader. Unlike the Majority Leader, the Minority Leader is on the ballot for Speaker of the House during the convening of the Congress. If the Minority Leader's party takes control of the House, and the party officers are all re-elected to their seats, the Minority Leader is usually the party's top choice for Speaker for the next Congress, while the Minority Whip is typically in line to become Majority Leader. The Minority Leader usually meets with the Majority Leader and the Speaker to discuss agreements on controversial issues.
id: It-FmxJa	Chunk: document_13 After the Labour Party won the 1945 election, Eden went into opposition as Deputy Leader of the Conservative Party. Many felt that Churchill should have retired and allowed Eden to become party leader, but Churchill refused to consider this. As early as the spring of 1946, Eden openly asked Churchill to retire in his favour. He was in any case depressed during this period by the break-up of his first marriage and the death of his eldest son. Churchill was in many ways only "part-time Leader of the Opposition", given his many journeys abroad and his literary work, and left the day-to-day work largely to Eden. Eden was largely regarded as lacking sense of party politics and contact with the common man. In these opposition years, however, he developed some knowledge about domestic affairs and created the idea of a "property-owning-democracy", which Margaret Thatcher's government attempted to achieve decades later. His domestic agenda is overall considered centre-left.
id: BBYnwkrt	Chunk: document_14 Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov (, "Baqytjan Tursynuly Jumaǵulov"; born 18 August 1953) is a Kazakh politician who was Chairman of Otan and after renamed Nur Otan, the largest political party in Kazakhstan. and acting chairman of Nur Otan party, created by merging a number of other parties into Otan.
id: QxbkbcXW	Chunk: document_15 Born in Santa Giustina, near Belluno in the Veneto, he was first elected to parliament in 1921. After the rise to power of the fascists, he joined, unlike many other liberals, the democratic opposition around old leader Giovanni Giolitti and in 1924 refused to candidate himself in the fascist-led national union list. When all political parties were dissolved in early 1925, he retired from political life and kept on being a lawyer.
id: impQzvH8	Chunk: document_16 The Communist Party of Great Britain was refused affiliation to the Labour Party between 1921 and 1923. Meanwhile, the Liberal Party declined rapidly, and the party also suffered a catastrophic split which allowed the Labour Party to gain much of the Liberals' support. With the Liberals thus in disarray, Labour won 142 seats in 1922, making it the second largest political group in the House of Commons and the official opposition to the Conservative government. After the election the now-rehabilitated Ramsay MacDonald was voted the first official leader of the Labour Party.
id: _nWXA1po	Chunk: document_17 Founded in the Northern states in 1854 by anti-slavery activists, modernizers, ex Whigs and ex Free Soilers, the Republican Party quickly became the principal opposition to the dominant Democratic Party and the briefly popular Know Nothing Party. The main cause was opposition to the Kansas -- Nebraska Act, which repealed the Missouri Compromise by which slavery was kept out of Kansas. The Northern Republicans saw the expansion of slavery as a great evil. The first public meeting of the general ``anti-Nebraska ''movement where the name`` Republican'' was suggested for a new anti-slavery party was held on March 20, 1854, in a schoolhouse in Ripon, Wisconsin. The name was partly chosen to pay homage to Thomas Jefferson's Republican Party.
id: jYHmR_VP	Chunk: document_18 Audrey Marlene McLaughlin (née Brown; born November 8, 1936) was leader of Canada's New Democratic Party (NDP) from 1989 to 1995. She was the first female leader of a political party with representation in the House of Commons of Canada, as well as the first female federal political party leader to represent an electoral district in a Canadian territory.
id: g0Yg0tUy	Chunk: document_19 The Kansas -- Nebraska Act divided the nation and pointed it toward civil war. The Act itself virtually nullified the Missouri Compromise of 1820. The turmoil over the act split both the Democratic and Whig parties and gave rise to the Republican Party, which split the United States into two major political camps, the Republican North and the Democratic South.
